but do you you feel like people
define you by the fact that you're
you're wealthy
and that they define you in a pejorative
way for sure
i mean not not everyone but right you
know there's uh
for sure in recent like your years
billionaire has become a
per jar like it's in a project so like
it's like that's a bad thing
um which i mean i think doesn't make a
lot a lot of sense in most cases
if you if you're done if you basically
uh organized a
company like like how do how does this
wealth arise it's
if you organize people in a in a better
way
to produce products and services that
are better than
what existed before and you have
some ownership in that company then that
that essentially
gives you the right to allocate more
capital
so it's there's a conflation of
consumption
and capital allocation so
let me say warren buffett for example
and to get totally frank i'm not his
biggest fan but
uh you know he does a lot of capital
allocation
um and he reads a lot of sort of annual
reports of companies and
we'll be counting and it's pretty boring
really um and he's trying to figure out
is
does coke or pepsi deserve more capital
i mean that's i mean it's kind of a
boring job if you ask me
but you know it's still a thing that's
important to figure out like which
is a company deserving of more or less
capital should that company grow or
expand
is it making products and services that
are better than
others or worse and you know should
you know if a company is making
compelling products and services it
should get more capital and
if it's not it should get less we'll go
out of business well there's a big
difference too between
someone who's making an incredible
amount of money
designing and engineering fantastic
products
versus someone who's making an
incredible amount of money
by investing in companies or moving
money around the stock market or
doing things along those lines it's it's
a different thing and to put them all in
the same category
seems it's it's very simple and as you
pointed out it's an attack vector
yeah for sure yeah i mean i think it's
it's really
i i do think they're in the uni in the
united states especially
there's an over-allocation of talent uh
in finance and law
uh basically too many smart people go
into finance and law um
so you know this is both a compliment
and a criticism
uh we should have of i think fewer
people
doing law and fewer people doing finance
and more people
making stuff yeah
yeah well that would certainly be better
for all involved if they made better
stuff
yeah yeah absolutely um and and you know
manufacturing used to be
highly valued in in the united states
and these days it's not
it's it's often looked down upon which i
think is wrong yeah
well i think that people are kind of
learning that
particularly because of this whole
pandemic and this
relationship that we have with china
that it
there's a lot of value into making
things into making things here
yes somebody's got to do the real work
yeah you know
and um you know like make making a car
it's an honest days
that's not honest days living that's for
sure you know or making
anything really or providing a valuable
service
um like providing you know greater
entertainment good information
but these are all valuable things to do
um
you know so yeah there should be more
more of it